Fixed search for hash in sandbox generic playbook (#23900)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonPlaybooks/ReleaseNotes/2_3_27.md

#### Playbooks
##### Search For Hash In Sandbox - Generic

> - Fixed an issue where the playbook crashed on the `Get Wildfire PDF report` task due to timeout, now the default timeout for this task has been extended so it can work on many indicators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the playbook failed on the `Get Wildfire PDF report` task due to timeout. Timeout was extended from 5 to 15 minutes.
```
